## Random Bugs (For posterity)

- ~~NextJS 13 is Beta, 13.07 causes some issues with the build process and turbo but 13.06 works fine. 13.1 is out and provides better support for TailwindCSS but has a bug and fails in production. 13.1.1.canary fixes this. Simultaneously, react-table 8.7.4 has a bug in production regarding undefined variable. Downgrading to 8.7.0 fixes this with 13.0.6, but causes an issue (only in development) with NextJS 13.1.1.canary where there is a duplicate variable in the minified code. 13.1.1.canary with 8.7.4 does not resolve the react-table bug. Currently the best solution is to use NextJS 13.0.6 and react-table 8.7.0. Ideally we would use the latest versions of both.~~ (Updated to NextJS 13.2.1 and react-table 8.7.9)
- NextJS fetch() has an issue above 15kb for NodeJS 16. Upgrading to NodeJS 18 changes the backend to undici which does not have this limitation. However, there is a Windows bug with localhost and we must switch to 127.0.0.1. If this continues to be an issue, can always use axios instead.
- ~~Back button in dev mode does not work, instead causing the website to be downloaded as a file. This does not seem to occur in production, so we can likely ignore this.~~ (Resolved by NextJS 13.2.1)
- Switched from Turbopack to Webpack to facilitate wasm-pack. Ended up not using wasm-pack, but Webpack handles TailwindCSS better right now so we will keep it. If we can later update to NextJS 13.1 or higher, we can switch back to Turbopack. (Update: Turbopack still fails with NextJS 13.2.1)
- ~~Does not scroll to top of page after navigating to a new page. Relatively new NextJS issue, tracking here: https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/42492~~ (Resolved by NextJS 13.2.1)
- Markdown LaTeX renders slowly in development mode, causing a hydration error. This is not a problem in production and does not interfere with local testing, so no workaround is implemented.
- React-csv 2.2.0 fails in production (downloads entire website HTML). Downgrading to 2.0.3 solves this issue.
